hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is a quick tutorial on how to
change the back cover of your Nexus 6 or
your second generation Moto X so that's
the 2014 edition of the Moto X so this
is where people that if you're sick of
your back cover and you want to change
the color or if you want to if you've
damaged it or if you just don't want the
one that the branded by 18 to you or
something you can just switch it out
it's super simple and I'll show you how
to do it
so all you need is a box of crayons and
a white cover and what you need to do is
you have to open up your box of crayons
and choose the color that you want and
just go to town on the pack okay no I'm
kidding what you do need to do is you
need to buy a back cover from eBay so
there are a bunch of vendors that have
them they're like maybe 8 to 12 dollars
depending on the color and whoever you
bought from free that's including
shipping once you get it you that's the
only thing you really need to buy
everything else you probably have at
home now the tool that I would recommend
you do this with is the actual sim
removal tool that Motorola gives you in
the box but I actually lost mine I've
actually as both of mine so instead I
have to use a sewing needle with some
pliers and I'll show you how that works
but yeah I'll just let's get right to it
the first thing you want to do is turn
off your phone and remove your SIM card
now there's a very good chance you're
going to turn that phone back on in the
process of doing this but it doesn't
matter just try to keep it off as much
as you can and before we go any further
this might void your warranty I'm not
sure but do this at your own risk
now I've ready done this once on my Moto
X but I'm just going to show you how
it's done on my Nexus 6 inside the SIM
card slot there's actually a little hole
that we'll be using
basically we're going to be pushing the
back cover off of the phone using a
small tool through this hole because I
lost that little tool from Motorola I'm
just going to be using a sewing needle
and a pair of pliers you want a needle
that's kind of thick and you want to be
poking through the hole using the eye of
the needle not the needle tip itself so
the tip of the needle will be facing
away just be careful when you're doing
all of this
once you push the back cover off a
little bit you should be able to stick a
credit card or guitar pick or something
small in between the gap once you have
your card underneath you can just pry
the whole thing off now you want to be
careful doing this the adhesive is
pretty strong so you want to go slowly
and there's also little bits of plastic
and even some cables that might peel up
if you pull off too quickly so just go
slowly take your time and make sure
nothing's caught when you're pulling up
once you lift the back cover
of lint and crumbs and just crapped it's
stuck on to the bottom of thing you want
to save those crumbs for dessert it's a
very important step you might have a
little bit of the old adhesive stuck
onto the back plate just use your finger
and rub it around it'll come off easily
now you take your new back cover and you
just peel off that blue plastic layer
don't throw away that blue plastic
though we'll use it in a second now
before you mount the new cover on make
sure that the ribbon cable is all tucked
in nicely and same with the black
plastic sheets make sure that they're
not bent up or anything
so just line up that back cover and push
it down gently don't crank it down at
first just in case you mess up the
adhesive is really sticky so you want to
make sure that everything is lined up
properly before you push it down hard
and there you go you've changed the back
cover of the Moto X or your Nexus 6
and you can use that blue plastic sheet
and put it over your old cover just in
case you want to go back to that cover
again in the future I hope that was
useful for some of you guys if you have
any questions please put them down in
the comments below I'll do my best to
answer them and as usual please sub if
you can and please hit that thumbs up if
you like the video all right it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time